new mutants are dangerous you're not
going anywhere
this place takes your greatest fear can
later live through it
Roberto
[Music]
brain we didn't get out of this together
this place in society buzzes hey
[Music]
that was so hot the New Mutants rated
pg-13 and on July 23rd
don't miss the New Mutants panel at
comic-con at home what's the last thing
you remember Danny he said we had to
route the reason you survived it's
because you're a very uncommon girl
[Music]
you're not alone anymore do you know a
mutants or would anyone like to see had
their first time brain I was 13 I
thought it was a dream I just lost
control
Sam I started panicking people got hurt
Roberto my girlfriend
Liliana I killed 18 men one by one
[Music]
this isn't a hospital it's a cage
it's important we find out your collar
so we can help you get better
I suppose something
I don't think she wanted me to see
[Music]
I don't think we're here to cut better
this place takes your grade it's for
year it may sir live through it until it
kills you he's there we can get out of
this together
[Music]
you